okay Tara here here's my spider victim
this is my spider room I'm getting ready
to for Halloween this is my haunt and it
just made me start these larvae larval
balls and I've got a giant spider here
he's actually hanging from my bike rack
and though that's a roach right there so
anyway the little kids had to walk
through this little hallway and get
through these larval balls and then this
is sound in motion activated so I'm
going to set it up
it turned out really good he's basically
one of those shaky worms let me set it
up again Wow and one of the shitty ones
you buy it Michaels it's a little thing
and I took the mechanism and expanded it
and you get this great movement at the
bottom it just it just ripples through
it so I'll turn on the lights give you a
better idea okay this gives you a better
idea this spider room this is the the
1/4 of my garage as you can see I have
other sections of the garage and that's
gonna be the forest room and then over
here I have a dot room and then the last
room is going to be the coffin but
coming back to here the spider room do
your hubby thinks I'm going to scare the
kids I won't even go in here but anyway
we'll see if it'll work out but I want
to give you a better look at the spider
victim wait wait this is my wall rigging
right so I just found that the two by
fours the studs that are in the ceiling
and just hung it and that's a PVC pipe
that you know it's basically a curtain
rod and then I sewed the landscape
fabric over it okay but oh oh yeah and
that's a drop-down spider that works
really good okay coming back to I guess
I'll explain alarm footballs chicken
wire and batting they you know you make
blankets for and then cheese cloth and
the webbing and then nice little sliders
and I had a roach leftover from one of
my Halloween so I stuck him in
cheesecloth okay the spider victim he is
AB lucky that I took apart because this
is his pelvis right here
because I needed to give a while room
for this movement which is basically let
him finish a pendulum that just swings
back and forth so I kind of created
somewhat of a cage using his bones and
his arms in the front to give nice free
movement as you can see the arms there
so I can just shake like crazy but the
movement reverberates all the way down
to the bottom so I'm very pleased with
this and I don't think the kids are
gonna continue through the hot when they
see this guy but okay
well I'll make a tutorial after a while
I took some pictures so I just got to
put it together take care bye